refresh tutorial on contributing a generator (#858)
leondz/garak: docs/source/contributing.generator.rst

        def __init__(self, name, generations=10):
            super().__init__(name, generations=generations)

            if self.api_key is not None:
                # ensure the token is in the expected runtime env var
                os.environ[self.ENV_VAR] = self.api_key
            self.replicate = importlib.import_module("replicate")

> The configuration machinery will handle populating ``self.api_key``, and will override our local copy of the environment if we get a copy of ``api_key`` from somewhere else (e.g. a YAML config). We'll also import a copy of the ``replicate`` module in this instance, for local access. This is done because a garak run can involve multiple generator instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration machinery will handle populating ``self.api_key``. Here the code overrides the local environment variable encase we obtained ``api_key`` from somewhere else (e.g. a YAML config). We'll also import a copy of the ``replicate`` module in this instance, for local access. This is done because a garak run can involve multiple generator instances.
```

Wording may need some more tweaking depending on if we want to include detail for override of `_validate_env_var()` in the document.

A reference to offer that If a generator needs do more complex environment variable loading and detection, or needs a different key populated from the `ENV_VAR` it should implement `_validate_env_var()` might be helpful. Examples of this can be found in the codebase.

Populating a different value than `api_key`:
https://github.com/leondz/garak/blob/88e73ddbecf8bac309f5f0784457682ed3062869/garak/generators/langchain_serve.py#L50-L54

Populating from additional environment vars, notice the call to `super()._validate_env_var()` at the end is important to still set `self.api_key`:
https://github.com/leondz/garak/blob/88e73ddbecf8bac309f5f0784457682ed3062869/garak/generators/nemo.py#L60-L73

The *why* for importing `replicate` may be inconsistent, that code may change as replicate holds a `Client()` object and the import there may not support if more than one `ReplicateGenerator` needed to exist at the same time to using different API keys. This quirk of the `replicate` library's design. So just not sure the reasoning offered is a strong explanation.

.. code-block:: bash

    >>> g = garak.generators.replicate.ReplicateGenerator("meta/llama-2-70b-chat")
    Traceback (most recent call last):
    File "<stdin>", line 1, in <module>
    File "/home/lderczynski/dev/garak/garak/generators/replicate.py", line 44, in __init__
        super().__init__(name, generations=generations, config_root=config_root)
    File "/home/lderczynski/dev/garak/garak/generators/base.py", line 43, in __init__
        self._load_config(config_root)
    File "/home/lderczynski/dev/garak/garak/configurable.py", line 60, in _load_config
        self._validate_env_var()
    File "/home/lderczynski/dev/garak/garak/configurable.py", line 116, in _validate_env_var
        raise APIKeyMissingError(
    garak.exception.APIKeyMissingError: 🛑 Put the Replicate API key in the REPLICATE_API_TOKEN environment variable (this was empty)

>                             e.g.: export REPLICATE_API_TOKEN="XXXXXXX"

Reviewer: This stack trace is a great example of how `Configurable` handles the `ENV_VAR` load for the generator without the author having to do it.
